[Autogenerated] RDS gives you many different types of
relational database engines to choose from.
Here are the current offerings amazon aurora,
my SQL Maria dB postgres, SQL oracle and Microsoft sequel server.
Each database engine has a different costs due to the potential
licensing costs if you're choosing between them here,
the questions I ask myself which might be useful to you as well.
What database type am I using locally?
This works for existing projects that you are migrating to the cloud
but may not matter if you're starting a new project,
how much do I want to spend since each type has a different cost.
This is an important factor.
What database type do I have the most experience with if you
work with a particular engine in the past,
choosing that same one will save you a lot of ramp up time,
especially considering that working in the cloud presents
its own learning opportunities finally, which has the best client,
a lot of your time interacting with the database engine will be done in
some sort of GUI client and the quality of those clients vary wildly but
they have a real impact on your usage Using these questions I'm confident you can choose the best solution for you